Add short guide on changing number of open files limit on Linux (#432)
subspace/subspace-docs: docs/farming-&-staking/farming/advanced-cli/cli-tips.mdx

To use NUMA, you need to enable it via the BIOS of your motherboard for the farmer to know it exists. This option is present in motherboards for **Threadripper/Epyc processors** but might exist in others too. If you don’t enable it, both OS and farmer will think you have a single UMA processor and will not be able to apply optimizations.

To read more about NUMA support and the benefits it provides for large CPUs read [this forum post](https://forum.subspace.network/t/numa-support-is-coming/2299?u=nazar-pc).

#### Changing number of open files limit (Linux)

Changing the number of open files limit on Linux is sometimes necessary for both system and application performance tuning. Applications that manage file sharing or distribution, including peer-to-peer systems, may require opening numerous connections to different peers simultaneously. A higher open files limit allows these applications to maintain more connections, improving data transfer rates and system efficiency.

> This can also help avoiding `Too Many Open Files` error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can also help to mitigate the `Too Many Open Files` error. 
```

> You can use the `ulimit` command to change the limit for open files temporarily. For example, setting `ulimit -n 2048` will set the limit to 2048.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `ulimit` command to change the limit for open files temporarily. For example, setting `ulimit -n 2048` will set the limit to 2048. This change is reverted after logging out or a reboot.
```
